My ideal video game would be survival horror that slowly turns into a dating sim because the monsters think I'm cute >w< 
 
Every time i come with some great game idea at first it seems amazing, but as i work on it, it becomes more and more “nothing special”.Do you developers have the same problem? 
 
An RPG where standard rpg rules are actually laws, and breaking them attracts police 
So for instance, instead of simply being restricted to four members in your party, you can have up to four, but can also break the law by adding more; however, this would attract powerful police enemies. &#x200B;I also thought that it would be cool if certain parts of the game encouraged you to just *lightly* bend the law; for instance, when saving a prisoner from, like, a tower or something, they'd have to join your party, meaning you'd either have to break the law to take them with you, or leave a party member behind forever
 
This sound fun 
 
A game where you are a ghost in a cemetery that can enter the graves of dead people and change their past. 
When walking through the cemetery you could read the graves and the causes of death, or see family members murmuring (in text or voices) some regret about their loved ones giving a clue of how they died and that they could have avoided it. The ghost could "enter" the graves and enter a level that represents the exact moment of that person's death, and the player could choose to take an action to save or not save that person, and if they do so when they return to the graveyard, the grave disappears.To make it more interesting, you could make a limit of trips for the ghost since each time it exhausts its own vital energy, and it could also make a connection between the lives of people, in such a way that if one is saved this is change the future for others. The end could be that the character is saved through a certain combination of people whose futures were changed. And make this one have no memories of his death.
 
A survival game but instead of being in the wilderness or post-apocalypse, you're a homeless person in a contemporary Urban city. 
 
Had this idea years ago, before I joined reddit. 
You start at a character creation screen, where you're given all these awesome options for traits, some of them chosen at random, and almost enough points to max out some stats.After making the final touches and saving, you're taken to another creation screen with less options, and about half the amount of points to go into stats.You are informed that the character you previously made is the antagonist, and you may have to face them later.
 
There should be a horror game where you go into an abandoned military base and for the first half, the monsters torment you and you are powerless and just run, barely staying alive. Then you reach the center of the base where there's a massive cache of insane weapons and then...then it's your turn. 
 Basically, first half Outlast. Second half Doom.
 
