Post apocalyptic farming game 
This game will take place in after a zombie apocalypse. The player will mange a colony of survivors as they try to grow enough food to survive. The game area is split into a series of fields. The player can send work gangs out to the fields to plant, weed, and harvest food crops. Zombies will wander the play area and will attack the work gangs if they get too close. The player needs to keep an eye out for these zombies and alert the work gangs to stop working and defend themselves if the zombies get too close. If the player fails to alert the workers, the zombies kill them. If the workers spend too much time in defense mode they won't gather enough food to survive. With abundant food, outsiders will immigrate to your colony (providing more workers). If food is short or too many workers get eaten, people will abandon your colony and steal some resources for the journey.Every once in a while a merchant will come by and trade food for new seeds, bullets, weapons, and zombie traps.
 
Rogue-like but you play as a support character 
 Hi everyone.I  have the an idea for a small rogue-like game (right now I was thinking  of developing it for myself/itch.io, not really commercial development)  and I am looking for some opinions before I decide to proceed with my  game development.The game is more  or less a typical, 2D rogue-like; you enter a dungeon/area, kill  monsters until you die, use the gold/exp to upgrade gear and skills,  rinse and repeat. Here's the twist - the character is designed to be  more of an alchemist/support mage with few offensive capabilities. You  would get into the dungeon with some AI controlled mercenaries (or solo  if you want) and your job would be to support them with spells and/or  potions and debuff the mobs. There would be some offensive capabilities  of course such as weaker spells, skyrim-esque runes that would trigger  when a mob steps on them and throwing potions/poisons at the mobs.I'm  just not fully convinced that this game loop is exciting enough. Or  maybe I'm thinking inside the box too much and can't think of items and  abilities that would make playing support fun.Either  way, I would love to hear what you think about this. Do you have any  comments or ideas that would make this mechanic better? Or maybe there  are already games out there that force you into that playstyle that I  have completely missed them. It'd be nice to see this idea in practice.
 
Dating sim where the girls are all over you and your goal is to turn them off. 
 
Open world time travel game 
For open world story driven games, I haven’t seen a time travel game. Environment There can be a big map  but instead of regions/domains, it will be timeline that you can travel to. I would want it to be similar mechanics to Zelda Breath of the Wild. Dungeon can be back alleyways, and drainage for Industrial Age. Parks, and building for present. Factories, neon district alleyways, pubs for cyberpunk future or decrepit buildings and industries for post apocalypse future GoalPremise is to stop apocalypse from happening. You can to time travel between timeline to see each affect it has on the future. Enemy typesEnemy type will differ for each time line. Industrial Age will have mostly have humans. Present will have technologically advanced weapons(robots, drones, guns). Cyberpunk future will have a lot of robots. Post apocalypse will have mutants, old robots. Mechanics/players abilityI am thinking FPS with ability to control time. Mark various location using wrist watch and teleport to these locations on watch for fighting advantage. Can craft weapons(bombs,guns and sword) that will slowdown enemies. Other weapon includes drones, invisibility cloak, climbing tools, zip lines and etc.Materials crafted or received in future timeline cannot be used in past. This is to make sure the character is not op. Side MissionsYou will be ask to find items to craft. Solve puzzle to find lost items in the past. Uncover unsolved mysteries. Defend a certain ppl from threats. Main storyI haven’t but much thought to this. Feel free to comment That’s all for today. I really appreciate you reading this post. Apologies for this long text.
 
Help I have completely run out of inspiration. 
I want to make a game, but I have no original ideas. I'm open to small game requests.
 
Plague Inc., but you are the guys trying to find the cure 
Basically, you could choose some pre-made plagues or choose player-made ones (maybe import diseases from Plague Inc) and try to win the game and make the cure. There could be minigames or other original mechanics for the cure developing part.I would make this myself, but I have other projects. Feel free to use this idea.EDIT: It would work similarly to evolving your disease in Plague Inc, using points to "evolve" parts of the process by which the disease is cured and then for a bigger amount a final stage where the cure would be fully working. But there could also be a game mechanic like in Plague Inc where the disease spontaneously mutates and you must upgrade the cure.
 
Blacksmith game idea 
Almost every blacksmith game start at a expected placelike a town, in a kingdom or at the side of the road. Fuck that. Start anywhere, Rimworld style. Start at the desert? Good luck finding ore and shit but you could make a lot of glass with a shit ton of sand. Set up on a mountain? Lot of places for ore and a lot of places of danger but not a lot of customers unless you consider untrustworthy kobolds and man eating dragons customers. Want to be start in the forest instead? Good for staves, spears and the like. The locals are very friendly assuming they dont kill you, eat your flesh and wear your skin a lioncloth.Your blacksmith start as a novice making basic weapons and tools but as you get experience you can modify weapons like adding a spike on the blade near the tip, at the middle of it, near the guard or all three. Modifying weapons either increases or decreases certain things such as its weight, its reach, its durabilty, its attractiveness and its value(but you can lie to your customers of its value).After making weapons that look like it could pass as the Excalibur or abominations that look like it could kill the enemy and yourself, you will want to have your creations enchanted, so you hire aspiring enchanters for cheap, then fire them for incompetence as they enchanted the weapon to be on fire when the customers requested it to imbued with fire to the blade. Go to a competent enchanter to enchant the weapon, then kill the enchanter bec enchanting is fucking expensive, then get arrested. Learn to enchant instead, accidently enchant a weapon to poison the wielder, sell it anyway. Follow that customer who bought the poison enchanted weapon, watch them die, loot them, dispose the body, sell the weapon again. ProfitRegret selling a weapon with good stats? Hire a thief to steal it for you or steal yourself. Alternatively you can hire an assasin or you know... kill them your self.I want a blacksmith game with a lot more freedom than just make weapon and sell weapon.
 
Team-based space (or pirate) game with coop and pvp 
How about a first-person Among Us, but without the impostor gimmick. You play with other people to help run a ship and fight off waves of enemies (PvE gameplay). Each will have a specific task, and cannot multitask. You can either choose as a pilot, mechanic, gunman or any other specific jobs that I haven't think of. It's also possible to battle other player ships or cooperate with other ship against a huge threat (PvP gameplay).I was inspired by Space Sweepers, the korean movie in Netflix, as well as Among Us (except for the impostor mechanic). In the movie, 4 people runs the ship: a pilot, mechanic, spearman (equivalent to gunman), and captain (vague role, needs replacement).Thoughts?
 
A dating simulator that turns into a vertical scrolling shooter 
I’ve had this idea for a while now. I don’t know if anything like this has already been done before.The idea is that the game starts as an average dating simulator, but when the player goes on a date the game turns into a vertical scrolling shooter similar to arcade games such as Xevious and Galaga. During the dates the player has to reach a certain number of points to succeed, which can be done by shooting down enemies or certain obstacles. You also have to dodge bullets that the enemies send at you. If you don’t reach the number of points you need, or you get hit by enough bullets, the date ends in a failure. I think there can also be items that can upgrade the character during the dates and also some enemies that make you lose points if you shoot at them. Another idea I have is that you can give gifts to the characters before the date, and it will either make the shooting part easier or harder depending on if they like the gift or not.
 
OH MY GOODNESS 
I CANNOT BELIEVE THIS SUBREDDIT EXISTS I HAVE BEEN SEARCHING FOR A PLACE TO POST MY COUNTLESS VIDEO GAME IDEAS FOR CENTURIES
 
A Stardew Valley-Style game about Necromancy! 
This is what I was thinking Gravekeeper would be like before I read into it and it was not (still a great game tho, check it out)You are an aspiring necromancer in a medieval town, filled with unique people. You want to take over the town with an army of undead, become rich, or become a lich.You yourself can't immediately go into combat. You are very weak and have no weapons, and those don't come cheap. You also have no bodies yourself.You could go to the graveyard to dig up skeletons, but they are extra suspicious if seen and they are pretty weak.The other ways of getting corpses involve... Murder. You could have dug up a couple skeletons and have them kill someone in their house, or you could just poison someone by slipping something you made out of the mushrooms in the woods into their drink at the tavern.Necromancing a body isn't as simple as casting a spell and it stands up. No, you need materials. Heal up any wounds that caused them to die, hold their bones together properly with straps, and maybe give them enhancements!You can use your minions to work on a farm that you own. Just don't let anyone see the ones that are decaying, skeletons, or just flat out ghosts.[Check out this mod for Skyrim](https://www.nexusmods.com/skyrim/mods/35378/) for some other ideas (obviously the game wouldn't look like that though, I'm thinking a cute pixel-ish style as Graveyard Keeper and Stardew Valley are)# **Potential Types of Undead:*** **Skeletons** are the weakest and most suspicious, but are also the easiest to put back together when an angry villager kills them. They can also be taken apart for easy transport. They have far less emotional impact than others if spotted, since they are totally unrecognizable from when they were alive.* **Zombies** are less obviously undead. You may need to embalm them and put makeup on so they don't rot as quickly and look more human. They are also more efficient than skeletons, but wounds on them will be much harder to fix.* **Revenants** are probably the best there is. Indistinguishable from real people and they work better than a normal person, but you have to raise them immediately after death. The rites involved in bringing them back also involve trapping a minor demon in the body and convincing it that it is the original person, now wanting to work for you. They will spend time with their family still, though. No suspicion about them going missing, but less time spent working. They also retain their memories, so they'll remember if you were their friend in life. If they find evidence of their death, they may seek out revenge on the killer (which could very well be you).* **Ghosts** are harder to get. You don't need an intact body, but you will need to yank their soul out of Heaven. They aren't suspicious unless someone gets close to them, but they can turn invisible and go through walls to avoid people.* **Mummies** take a long time to make, are suspicious due to their wrappings, but are _very_ efficient. They are practically unstoppable in combat and can curse those that they don't kill with a glance.* **Monstrosities** are made out of multiple bodies stitched together and brought back using a lightning strike going through a magic rod. They are more intelligent and strong than a revenant, and they can pass as a normal (albeit ugly) human. They might shirk their duties to explore the village. They might fall in love with a specific villager and never tell you. Then you might end up killing that villager. Monster is not happy.* **Wendigos** are also very powerful, but you can't control them at all. The player doesn't know this at first, though. You don't make them the same way you would a normal undead. A living person needs to eat human flesh. Due to your heroic blood, you don't turn from eating it yourself (you just get sick). It is a slow process. The target will become more pale and will go to the store to buy food more often. Eventually, they will try to kill the nearest other NPC (even if its family). They will then eat them, fully turn, and run off into the woods. A series of attacks and raids on pantries makes you realize that no one can defeat it but you. You must set up a trap (which you can also use on human and animals) for it. If caught, you may either kill it or attempt to tame it. Taming is resource intensive and you will need to get it either _a ton_ of animal meat, or a pretty big amount of human meat.# **For the Story:**You have lived in the village your whole life. Your father was a great adventurer. He saved the village from a lich many years ago (there is a statue to his deeds in the town square). He kept trophies from that day in his estate and farm that he retired on.As you grew up, you would read all the books around the house. Then you found the Necronomicon, which used to be the lich's. You really wanted to try out that real, honest-to-goodness magic, but you couldn't get an opportunity. Then your father died. You were so excited to bring him back, but the bastard went and got cremated.But that won't stop you. You _will_ try the spells. You set out to find and/or make a dead body.No one in town recognizes you, since you only rarely left your house.# **NPCs:**One of the villagers seems pretty shady. If he finds out about your "practices," then you wake up in the middle of the night with him standing over you. He reveals that he is a lich, an apprentice of the one your father killed. He offers to decode parts of the Necronomicon for you, for a price. The price isn't always in gold.An old man is still angry at you, your family, and all adventurers because your father once broke into his house and broke all his pots. He is automatically suspicious of you. If you do anything that makes him more suspicious, he investigates your farm. If he sees a monster, he dies of a heart attack immediately. His bones are too frail to make a good skeleton and his body wouldn't hold together as a zombie. You have to bury him before they go looking for him.# **Rituals:**Rituals will involve ingredients that you must harvest from the forest or buy. Most will be found from the Necronomicon.Not all of them involve raising the dead. I won't mention those ones here since they should be pretty simple, but I'll put ideas for methods if you want.* A **Suggestion**-like spell that lets you influence someones behavior for either the day of the casting or the next day. You change their schedule so that instead of, say, going to the store, they instead go to the tavern. They get their drink, go outside, leave it sitting, go somewhere else, then come back to drink it. While they are gone, you could poison it. Or you could have someone go into the forest, where a group of undead or a beartrap waits for them. You need a sample of the person and some Valerian Root, though. Maybe some spit wiped off a mug or a hair that you take off of their bed. Or maybe the storekeeper decides to keep the place open for a while. If anything goes wrong and they notice, they will break free from the spell. Depending on the amount of Valerian Root used in the spell, the suggestion can last anywhere from a single hour to several days.* A **Calming** spell. It makes people far less suspicious of incredibly suspicious behavior for a few hours and they can build emotional attachments to you quicker. If cast on someone who is tracking you down, they will give up their search temporarily. You need a sample, just like the above spell. You also need Chamomile Petals. The amount of petals used can drive the spell from a fraction of an hour to several days.* Spells that **Alter Weather**. The different spells will have different effects and varying levels of suspicious-ness. You can make it rain, storm, or snow so that people don't explore the forest (where you will be sacrificing a live victim or some other sinister deed). However, snowing in the summer will be suspicious, as will a warm day in the Winter. There may be some components out there that let you cause some slightly less ordinary weather phenomenon, like tornadoes, rains of daggers, a supernatural fog, or make it start raining cats and dogs.* A **Divination** spell. Don't have the time to find out someones schedule, find out what they are doing in that locked shed, or want to see them die from your poison without having to be there? Just buy a crystal ball, get some incense, then relax and spy on it all! You get to see a visual representation of their schedule for the next week and you can spy on what they are doing right now!* A **True Ressurection** spell. Did you accidentally poison the wrong guy? Fall in love with someone, but they try to deliver you flowers and get torn apart by hordes of the dead? Well, high-level necromancers will be able to _truly_ bring someone back. They will have no memory of the hour before their death or their afterlife. It even works no matter how long the person has been dead, and they will be completely demon free! Thing is, to truly bring back a life, you have to truly take one. You must murder someone in an unhallowed site (an abandoned graveyard, a ruin in the forest, a previous murder scene, etc.). Their body will be totally evaporated and their soul will never reach an afterlife. Your lover/wrong target/torture victim, however, will be good as new!
 
You've inherited an item shop that only sells cursed items, so you have to find loopholes make them helpful. 
EDIT: \* "find loopholes *TO* make them helpful." Sorry.Inspired by that one episode of Rick & Morty in which the literal Devil sells cursed items, you play a young business owner of a cursed item shop. The thing is, you don't want to hurt anyone, so you have to match an item to a customer who won't get negatively affected by it.For example, you sell a cursed mirror that will make it's owner flat broke the first time they gaze upon their reflection. So you sell it to a man who is underwater on his debt to a loan shark. Since his net worth is negative, the mirror actually makes him richer by clearing his debts.The game is set in a small town in which—much like Clock Town in Majora's Mask—the townsfolk live on a weekly schedule. As you are new to the town, much of the game is about getting to learn about the town and its people, and slowly uncovering their problems. In fact, it could be said that this is the real draw of the game, and that selling cursed items is only the game's excuse to get you there.
 
So... I didn't plan my dragon game all that well, but I don't want it to be a Metroidvania. What is your advice in making this game separate while still retaining my own personal taste. And sidequests. And more! 
While I did say that the game *is* going to be a open world platformer, I don't want it to be a Metroidvania because I already have one (it's still a work in progress, in fact idk the fate of that game yet). And also since there are 8 worlds to explore, and since this is supposed to have the narrative of a Shonen anime, I soon realized that I didn't plan this whole titan of a game all that well. What is your advice in making this game different from the lot of indie Metroidvanias in the library?There are also some things I've forgotten to add to this game's document. First being, towns.The towns are in each of the 7 worlds, and they're pretty self explanatory with one exception, the behavior of the NPCs' dialog. The NPCs will actually be a little more human compared to most RPGs. They will give you clues, and they'll be enjoyable to just sit around and chat. There will also be shops (obviously), and hotels/inns (yeah). But there will also be restaurants and bars, and mini games. The idea of adding restaurants and bars came from Majora's Mask with it's Milk Bar, as I just enjoy staying in there. I want to make the hotels and inns just as enjoyable, making the player feel like they just wanna stay there forever knowing that they can't beat the game that way. You can sleep in hotels regaining your health and ability meters. And shops allow you to buy food, potions, and status upgrades. No, weapons and armor will not be included, as I generally don't see the point in adding so many weapons (coming from a Legend of Zelda player). There are several towns with a big city where you meet the leaders of the worlds (basically the king/president).There are also side quests, which act like filler episodes in Shonen anime. Each side quest has it's own theme like the worlds in the main quest, but they generally come down to 2 categories: Slice of life, collect 'em alls, and action.If I'm spamming a lot of these, I'm sorry.
 
Cartography Game 
I’m thinking of a single/two player game where the player(s) spawns in a randomly generated labyrinth. They are tasked with mapping it out. Dying even once deletes your progress and you’re returned to the main menu, to encourage more caution. A playthrough should last about an hour(?)Players start with a paper/pen mapping system (roughly drawing a room will snap it into the actual shape) and a torch (battery included) but can pick up better equipment along the way- there can be electrical (good but high-maintenance/unreliable), old-fashioned (decent and reliable) or high-tech (brilliant but single use, risky to use or both).There will also be (unique)creatures that don’t actively hunt you down but will attack you if they  notice you along their randomly-assigned ‘patrol routes’. You get bonus points for figuring their patrol routes out. You *can* fight them, but it’s *probably* a *very* bad idea.Once you’re sure your map is correct, you can submit it at a terminal and will be evaluated. If it’s even slightly incorrect, you fail. If it’s 100% accurate, then you win!A multiplayer mechanic would also be cool, like you could kill your opponent and steal their map data to hasten your progress, or maybe team up with them and make it to the finish together.As for story, well, I have no clue.Anyway, thanks for reading my idea :D
 
a toy survival game. 
alright so basically the concept is you are a living toy in a house, scavenging and surviving the hostile conditions of this familys home."what do you mean living toy?"well think something kinda like toy story, except not powered by the childrens love, but instead magically animated by feelings of fear and pain, also you don't really follow the toy story stop when a human is around rule.my thoughts are you could have multiple types of toys to choose from and some cosmetic skins (like different humans or animals for the plushie), the ideas for the toy classes being plushie, which is easier to repair but cant go too fast due to short stubby doll legs, plastic, which is more durable but harder to repair, and battery powered, which has some special abilities but needs batteries to survive.the hazards would be the multiple young kids and family pets ready to roughhouse and break you, and you need to scavenge for repair items and other items that might get you out of sticky situations.when grandma visits it is a blessing as her hobby is to repair, reinforce, and even customize toys, so you will get healed and even maybe get an upgrade or two.so yeah thats basically the idea, put your thoughts in the comments.
 
Harvest Moon/Stardew Valley type game set in Post Apocalypse 
I love classic farming sims like Harvest Moon and love to see it in different scenarios.It would take place in a world that has gone through some sort of cataclysm (Nuclear, environmental, alien, maybe even Old God type stuff). Society is mostly dead, there are some scattered people around. I think it have emphasis on working from the ground up on building a village for survivors, and revitalizing the soil so that more types of crops can grow. Baby steps for rebuilding civilization.Some ideas for content:\-Braving wastelands for resources and new people\-Crafting maybe with some chemistry elements (nothing too complicated)\-Taming wild creatures\-Crop mutations\-Finding cures for illnesses\-Building structures, customizing your village\-Building relationships with NPCs. Personally, I prefer set NPCs rather than randomly generated ones. So actual characters would need to be fleshed out.\-Weather stabilization?I have pretty much no experience in game design. I'm a part-time writer and I've only been putting this together in my head for the past couple days. It's pretty much just for fun. Does this sound like something viable? Is there a game out there that is already this same setting, or is it different enough?&#x200B;**Edit**: I'm thinking that it could start with you're character alone in a small bunker. Either you run out of food or some technical issue. So you could use the bunker as a mini base in the first part of the game, mainly for storage of mats and resting. However, the space is very confined and there's a limit on how much it can be expanded.I kinda want the cataclysm to be Lovecraftian. Not necessarily pulled directly from the mythos, but more along the lines of "forces unknown/unknowable". I suppose Cosmic Horror is the term for it.There could be an added story element that you weren't alone when you first went into the bunker, but as a side quest you could try to figure out what happened. I'm a huge fan of "show don't tell" exposition.I haven't actually played Rimworld yet, but what I have in mind has a bit less procedural generation in terms of characters and maybe even overall layout of the world.I'll add more details as I think of them, but thank you very much for the encouragement guys!
 
A game where only the antagonist knows it's a video game and breaks all the rules and acknowleges the player and forces them to make horrible choice because "Its only a game 
 
game where you are controlling a hoard of zombies 
Basically, you have to control a zombie hoard and organize it so the majority can survive when you attack survivors, the many monsters you can come across, and have to cinstantly fight the fact that your hoard is slowly decaying and you need to constantly bring up your numbers.Monsters decay slower, and are generally strongerAny questions or thoughts would be appreciated
 
A battle royale game but it does something different 
Basically 100 players are dinosaurs 66 million years ago and a asteriod hit earth. You pick a type of dino, (Velociraptor(Team Based), Tryannasaurous(Practically Solo), etc) and the players try to survive as it gets gradually worse. There is no circle, instead the map gets harder to survive in as a whole, (Glass rains, it's super hot, water boils, ash pours down, cover and forests burn down, maybe some rocks hit, all the bots that are meant to be killed start dying, mammals hide underground....) and theres nothing really else other than that. You have your own abilities, you cant pick up stuff, it can also be water/air based as well. I thought this would be kinda neat
 
A game where you're test subjects and get turned into a rat when you die 
A 4v1 horror game between a crazed scientist and humans doomed to wander his lair. If the mad scientist kills someone, he turns them into a rat and sits them down. The players can resurrect a fallen friend by picking him up and taking him to a machihe to resurrect him. However! The room is full of mice, all of which people who want to be human again. So all of the mice will try and act how a player would in an attempt to become human again.
 
What about a game where you do really arbitrary tasks but need to do EVERYTHING yourself. 
For example! Your current objective is to post a birthday card but you need to make a society, establish a postal system, make sure that the person the card is for grows up to the set age, grow a tree chop it down make paper, make ink, make the card, get it to the postal station, make sure it makes it to the recipient and make sure they open it.
 
Rimworld meets First Person Shooter with raids/base defense 
So this is a game I'm already a few weeks into building.  I loved Rimworld but was wanting to jump into the characters and join the action somehow.The game so far has two main modes:- Top down view, plays like Rimworld.  Gather resources to build a base, research technology, build weapons and items, farm for food, set up tasks for any of your characters to carry out.- First person view, enter any character.  Defend your base as well as explore different areas and raid other camps.Some things I'm really excited about:- Focus on raiding and exploring.  Rimworld was very limited in what you could do outside of your camp.  The player is going to be able to attack other bases and even take over them if they want to.- Simplifying some survival and expanding character development.  I want make some systems less complex (relationships, illnesses, micromanagement) and do more with character abilities and leveling up.  Going to bring in some RPG elements for what abilities and skills a character can use.What other ideas do you think would go well with this?  Or for anyone that has played Rimworld anything that you would change if you could remake it?Edit: I got some requests to follow progress on this, here are links to [Twitter](https://twitter.com/silvermonkeystu) and [DevBlog](http://silvermonkeystudios.com/).  I'll be posting regular updates if anyone is interested.
 
Dungeon bomber man 
Dungeon crawler game but you can only use bombs, land mine, grenade. Weapons are short range explosives.
 
You are Giant Sentient Candy whose only purpose is to be eaten. You can frolick around getting eaten bit by bit while getting smaller, lighter, and able to go more places. 
So basically it's a reverse Katamari game, trying to get as small as possible. The starting size and shape is probably about the same as a large dog.A 3D game. You're in a foresty area. Some larger animals will come up to lick you, and that will shrink you by a little bit, but any creature in the game will eventually be satiated and lose interest, even ants (you need to find MORE ants.)Mostly, though, you'll need to break off parts of yourself in sensible quantities for smaller creatures to chew on, by crashing against rocks and the ground. Human campers are sometimes around to eat your forest-floor-leftovers too, but they will run away if they see you.All in all, the game is kind of an environmental puzzle. There are things you can only do while big, like reach certain heights. There are things you can only do small, like fit through holes.Different stages offer different actions to figure out.Falling from higher heights breaks off more bits of you, which is good if you find a spot where it can be consumed by lots of beasts, but if no animals are there, it goes to waste and lowers your final score. Falling from a VERY high height will crack you asunder, and the game will be over, likely leaving you with a low score. The score is mostly calculated from the percentage of your body that was eventually chomped. But there are additional bonuses, for example, map completion and managing to distribute yourself among more and more creatures. Don't just get chomped by a couple of large ant colonies. Spare a chunk of your sweet butt for the deer and raccoons and little girls. Record time will also be recorded, but wouldn't count against you. Maybe a time bonus.Ah, if you accidentally break off chunks in the wrong section of the map with no animals around, you have a mouth that can pick up candy so you can drop it elsewhere. But you have to be careful because when you drop chunks for the third time, the mouth crumbles away, too. (In other words, you can use this skill three times, and the third time includes the mouth chunks too, so plan carefully!)Now, the reason you can move around is that your whole body is hard candy, except the four joints where your limbs meet the torso. Those are made of gummy! An important note about the gummy joints is that even though ants are your number one reliable consumer, if you stand around ants for too long, they'll crawl all over you and eat your gummy parts. If this happens for a while, eventually you'll fall apart where you stand. Then they WON'T eat big sections of the candy because they can't carry it back. Your score for the round will be low when large body parts are left over. So break off bits of yourself in their vicinity, but respect the distance!Water is also slowly dangerous. If you can dissolve yourself a little in a puddle safely, a creature might drink it. That's a valid strategy. But if it's deep or flowing water, say goodbye to the sugar. The good news is you at least float and can swim to shore.For the sake of simplicity, the candy character shrinks EVENLY as it breaks apart and melts. It doesn't get one long leg and one short leg or whatever. I guess that could be fun in a challenging way, but probably aggravating to play and plan.When small enough, the game will alert you that you've reached Itty-Bitty Status! Now that you're really small at the end, skittering around like a twig-legged gobstopper, I want there to be Stylish Finishes. At this point anything can eat you as long as they aren't already full, but don't just get dragged off by a bug. Fall INTO the anthill from above, nothin-but-net style! Stylish Finish! Ride a leaf on the river to a secret scavenger's den! Uncover the super-elusive dung beetle in advance while you are still large, then track him down again later to get rolled off! Or dissolve away inside a little water-filled tulip to be drunk by a swarm of hummingbirds! Or roll onto the hand of a napping hiker at the base of a hill who eats you in his sleep while dreaming aloud, "Oh, my sweet Marcy, baby! I found your wedding ring at last! Here in the grass, glistening like the day I put it on your finger! Please don't be angry anymore! Please don't throw it away again in tears! All this time I've been wandering the wilderness to get my mind off your fading love that became my own broken heart. What did I do? What did you ever need? Take me back, my love. I'll do anything! Wear my ring again, I beg you. And I seal it with a kiss... How sweet it is! The sweetness of your hand still lingers on this ring after all this time, all these years! ..." Lick, crunch munchy-munch. " Zzz, mmpphrrr, Marcy... Don't go..."You get more points for this!The name of the game is, well, "You are Giant Sentient Candy".I have no idea why I thought of all this, but now you've read it. So there.
 
Overrun - A "cooperative" battle royale inside a skyscraper in which survivors are being overwhelmed by non-stop spawning monsters and dwindling resources. 
100 players start on the lower floors of a skyscraper and race to the upper floors, looting along the way, as monsters flood-in after them.There is no "safe zone"; rather, it's all about how well you can fight off (or run from) monsters while they slaughter everyone around you. Players can work together to barricade entrances or seal paths in order to force monsters (and other survivors unfortunately still back there) to use longer paths. The monsters come in waves, allowing survivors some breathing room to loot and break through to the next floors.####THE FINAL WAVE OF MONSTERS DOES NOT END  The top floor has a panic room, but it needs five people to operate the locking system. The first five people who make it into the panic room win... plus any survivors that slid under the steel door while it was closing. If any monsters made it inside, the game won't end until either the survivors kill the monsters that made it in or all the survivors die.Inspired by the trailer to A Quiet Place 2, I like the idea of running from monsters and knowing you are only alive right now because the monsters are distracted by other survivors.
 
A multiplayer party game where the only way to kill monsters is to open airlocks of certain rooms on a spaceship, creating a vacuum, at times with your friends still inside. 
* Oxygen can be a core mechanic. Similar to how FTL does it, rooms take a while to refill with oxygen after a complete vacuum.* The spaceship could be a randomly generated set of rooms that players try to utilize best for killing monsters and having a safe place to retreat to.* For maximum drama have the doors open and close really slowly. So when a friend doesn't quite make it, we get to hear their anger/fear.
 
FPS but you can't die, and neither can anyone else...unless they want to? 
Shot someone in the head? Their controls are now back to front until they can push their brain back into their skull.Shot them in the eye? They're now blind until they can find their eyeballs or anyone else for that matter, and slot them back into their eye sockets.Shot someone's arm off? Looks like they won't be able to carry or use any weapons or items. At least they can still move about and maybe dropkick you.Shoot a guy in the leg and watch him fall over. Shoot him in the other leg and see him struggle to get up again.You only win when your opponent has given up.
 
An online election simulator in which every player tries to convince other players to vote for them in absurd, meme-filled elections for pointless government positions. 
When you start the game you're shown a simple map of a fictional country that is divided into states, then counties and then cities. Then you're randomly given a "birthplace" in one of those cities and an in-game fictional webpage to fill with whatever you want.Each city, county and state (along with the nation as a whole) has periodic elections for various fictional elected office positions like **Chief of Stuff** or **Secretary of Funk.** It's up to players to run for certain positions in their region and then convince other players to vote for them however they can. Joining political parties, petitioning other players in their regions on their webpages, running dirty political ads on the county newspage, etc. would all could be viable tactics.The fictional country would encourage user-generated lore and fictional issues like "massive florb shortages" or "contagious Toe-Face outbreaks," along with players promising to fix such issues in their own silly ways.Everything is made up and the points don't matter.****I'll be brutally honest: I would expect lots of memes to laugh at, but also lots of toxic behavior to monitor/enforce against. The game would need to foster a player culture that keeps real-world politics out somehow.With just fictional maps, user pages, a voting system and image hosting, in theory the game could work completely on web browsers.
 
You're an evil villain and by God you will monologue if it means the death of you! 
I dreamt this idea and I know it's kind of stupid but it's just meant to be a comical game that you wouldn't necessarily invest a lot of time in.The idea is that you're a supervillain and you must maintain the supervillain tropes or be laughed at by your counterparts. Sure you could easily kill the superhero with one shot to the head, but they won't die knowing your super evil plot!I imagine gameplay is something like, you have the superhero captured and you begin your monologue, maybe some dialogue cues are presented, but while you're doing this, you are also walking around the room checking to make sure the superhero is not planning an escape. Did they loosen the ropes their hands are tied in? Is their sidekick in the vents? Did they use their telekinetic powers to open the draw that contains the key to their shackles?I'm assuming there would be a point system based on time or something like that.I also thought you could have other stupid villain tropes, like you have to purposefully miss the superhero while shooting at them down the hallway, but they're so damn slow sometimes it's hard not to!I've only played it once (so this could be off the mark) but I imagined a 3rd person 5 nights at Freddy's type game play.Also, I can't believe there is a 'dream' flair lmao
 
Someone should make a game where your an alien who takes over someone’s body and you have to figure out their routine so nobody figures out your an outsider 
There is so many cool things you could do with a game like this, if someone made a GOOD version of this game I would pay a LOT to play it, that would be so much fun. BTW: not a developer or anything just thought of this idea and wanted to put it out thereEdit: Since I have posted this Among us has blown up, my idea is similar except single player with maybe some sort of story line, and “tasks” would be what your host did before you took control of their body and you figure out from context clues what you’re supposed to do
 
Dating sim, but you've already won the girl. Now you're married, planning a family, and you have to keep her - i.e. avoid losing the spark and divorcing. 
I don't really have paragraphs to add about this like I usually do; this is a game I legitimately have no interest in making myself, but I have a strong suspicion that there are people who would enjoy the challenge. Heck, there's probably people on this sub that have been through something similar and can base some of the game on real life.
 
Driving simulator where you actually have to follow traffic rules. And then it gets weird. 
The most intuitive way to track player's performance would be using a score system, but I wouldn't make it too obvious: make bad performances being followed by angry comments by other drivers and chasing cops or something.But then, imagine the game being set in a city where every morning the mayor changes some traffic rules, and you have to read and remember today's rule to be a good driver. Absolutely absurd laws like today is legal to hit other cars and run over pedestrian but not turning right.It would soon make interesting and hilarious gameplay.
 
A Heist Game, but with more planning and less shooting. 
I was inspired by this post:  [https://www.reddit.com/r/gameideas/comments/gb12uc/heistrobbing\_game/](https://www.reddit.com/r/gameideas/comments/gb12uc/heistrobbing_game/)   I've always wanted to play a Heist game with an Ocean's 11 suave vibe to it. I know of games like Payday, and GTA but these (though I haven't played them) seem too shoot-'em-up for my taste and don't really fit within the style I'd want.  They don't come with meticulous planning, and they're much too 'crash-and-grab'.  In my head I'd think there would have to be a much bigger RPG element to it, and 3 stages with 3 different styles of game-play:1. The Original Team. You have 3 guys to start the team, which will be expanded later. I think this could be multiplayer, as you would make a character who's good at specific job, and hire other players as well, but could easily be single player too, having NPCs you can select in place of your two buddies.2. The Research Stage. This is the RPG end of the game, you need to talk to informants find all the information you can about the mark, blueprints of the building, and work out what security they have. You need to know everything, as the success, and your ability to plan depends on what you can find out. You could even try threatening and bribing to get your info. Whatever works.3. The Planning Stage, and the New Team. This, in my opinion, would be one of the best parts to the game and it's major selling point. You use your knowledge of what you gathered in the previous stage to work out a rough plan of what you're going to do, and you then need to construct a new team to fit this plan. You create what you need with a budget, and cut corners where you can. This part could be half RPG when you're recruiting and getting contacts for the plan, but also strategy style blue-print planning part. I'm not sure exactly, but there should definitely be a load of catchy nicknames for the type of characters you need, and types of plans you could pull.4. And finally, The Execution. This is where things could go wrong. Very wrong. Depending on how you did in your Planning and Research stages, the execution might not go smoothly. You need to play your part to the plan and improvise any difficulties along the way. This part I feel should act kind of like GTA perhaps, with your team checking in on an ear-piece giving updates on the rest of the plan.That's as much as I've got right now, but if anyone would actually want to build this, I'd be glad to help out with concepts for GUI game mechanics or how everything could work. I'd love to try help out.  I doubt anything like this could ever be done properly without a big business behind it, but I'd love to eventually try out the idea myself one day.
 
A game where you can take your eye out and throw it. Wherever it goes, that's where the game camera goes. 
You play as a Mike Wazowski-type creature with a giant eye, which can be removed and thrown. The eye is still attached to the optic nerve, of course, so it eventually springs back into the eye socket. But when it is away from the player, the camera follows.   This could lead to some interesting puzzles involving camera perspective. Say you encounter two pathways, one with an incredibly strong enemy who can instantly kill you in one shot, and one with a treasure chest. You need to use your removable eye to determine the safest path. You could also find a way to trap the eye in a certain area while the player goes and does something else. You need to be careful though, because the eye can be separated from the optic nerve if it is hit, in which case you need to wander around in the dark to recover it. Once recovered, you can see normally. Maybe you even collect eyes to get better/clearer vision.   You can also you use the optic eye for as a grappling hook for platforming, maybe by swinging it on a certain type of branch.
 
A pirate game where you aren't literate, at least from the start. 
Being illiterate means the player sees jumbled scribbles instead of words, and sees maps in poorer detail. Successfully navigating maps, observing the signs outside of establishments, and other things like that slowly make you more literate.
 
Why does health or mana have to have non-negative real numbers / integers as values? Some more exotic choices... 
The most obvious choice would be to allow negative amounts of health or mana. Negative health might have something to do with undeath, a weird perverse state of being where healing potions bring you closer to death (defined as zero health) and damage from enemies makes you stronger. Maybe a world with living and undead beings side by side, with a matter-antimatter sort of relationship - the undead can harm the undead by attacking, the living can harm the living, but perversely, when either tries to attack the other, they heal instead.More weirdly, you might try using values in a cyclic group - the most obvious choice being the circle group - which for non-mathy people is "pretend that 0=1 and the number line rolls up into a circle". Then full health = no health (i.e. death), and healing too much would actually damage you - but if an enemy tried some sort of overkill attack, it would actually heal you instead by wrapping your health around "below zero" to a high number close to 1! This could be the outcome of an eldritch ritual that makes you a creature beyond standard laws of nature.Another choice would be a two-dimensional health bar. (Health square? Health circle?) The origin, or a small circle centered on it, would be death, and every other point would be a distinct health state. Attacks or healings would be vectors added to your health, with attacks tending to move it closer to origin, and healing tending to move it further away, but by some sort of "life force rotation" mechanic you might shield yourself, diverting an attack and turning it into something that heals you - but of course, your enemies can too. Or, if they can manipulate your life field, an enemy could curse you to take "damage" from a health potion this way. That said, you could "spiral around the drain" indefinitely without actually reaching death at the origin, if you're very careful!Weirdest of all, perhaps, might be health (note, any of these could apply to mana, currency, or any other value also, of course) that takes values on a tree - such as the free group on two generators. (Set of all expressions with two types of symbols that look like "2a+3b-a+2b" etc.) Reaching zero / death (the empty string) would require going backwards on the tree, retracing every step your health bar has taken all the way to zero, which would require the enemy to know your history - but of course, the same thing goes for damaging them. I can't even imagine how to describe that in terms of worldbuilding or meaningful analogies. But it's cool as heck.Feel free to use these ideas or not use them, however you like. But I love putting weird math stuff into game designs!
 
Dating sim, but you've already won the girl. Now you're married, planning a family, and you have to keep her - i.e. avoid losing the spark and divorcing. 
I don't really have paragraphs to add about this like I usually do; this is a game I legitimately have no interest in making myself, but I have a strong suspicion that there are people who would enjoy the challenge. Heck, there's probably people on this sub that have been through something similar and can base some of the game on real life.
 
Overrun - A "cooperative" battle royale inside a skyscraper in which survivors are being overwhelmed by non-stop spawning monsters and dwindling resources. 
100 players start on the lower floors of a skyscraper and race to the upper floors, looting along the way, as monsters flood-in after them.There is no "safe zone"; rather, it's all about how well you can fight off (or run from) monsters while they slaughter everyone around you. Players can work together to barricade entrances or seal paths in order to force monsters (and other survivors unfortunately still back there) to use longer paths. The monsters come in waves, allowing survivors some breathing room to loot and break through to the next floors.####THE FINAL WAVE OF MONSTERS DOES NOT END  The top floor has a panic room, but it needs five people to operate the locking system. The first five people who make it into the panic room win... plus any survivors that slid under the steel door while it was closing. If any monsters made it inside, the game won't end until either the survivors kill the monsters that made it in or all the survivors die.Inspired by the trailer to A Quiet Place 2, I like the idea of running from monsters and knowing you are only alive right now because the monsters are distracted by other survivors.
 
A racing game where players compete to get the last parking spot across town in a ruthless Battle Royale musical chairs format with brutal collision physics 
 
FPS but you can't die, and neither can anyone else...unless they want to? 
Shot someone in the head? Their controls are now back to front until they can push their brain back into their skull.Shot them in the eye? They're now blind until they can find their eyeballs or anyone else for that matter, and slot them back into their eye sockets.Shot someone's arm off? Looks like they won't be able to carry or use any weapons or items. At least they can still move about and maybe dropkick you.Shoot a guy in the leg and watch him fall over. Shoot him in the other leg and see him struggle to get up again.You only win when your opponent has given up.
 
This sound fun 
 
An FPS, but you are the worlds best thrower 
Your player has absolutely 0 gun experience, but you know how to throw ANYTHING to make dmg
 
Roguelike where you continue playing as the enemy, that defeated you. 
You start in the middle of the dungeon. You possess a hero and you want to go deeper down, where enemies get thougher.When you die, you switch roles and want to progress upwards and escape the dungeon. But the heroes become stronger closer to the surface.So there are two possible Endings for you._Not perfect but maybe somebody can expand on it.._
 
Why your Game idea sucks (and how to make it better) 
So I am an amateur developer that loops round this subreddit daily to check for good game ideas. I commented about this in a post here: https://www.reddit.com/r/gameideas/comments/3k53av/did_any_ideas_from_here_have_been_created_as_games/As I said the main problem with most of the ideas is that they are often too big, contain story only, copy existing games or just bad.Other devs seem to agree that the ideas here just don't work for indies and they skip an idea the moment they see a word like "MMO". But no need to fear! I have a simple solution to make your game better!----------------------------------------------------------------------------**Concept**----------------------------------------------------------------------------Basically, what are the core mechanics of your game going to be? Is it shooting people with a ball that bounces around the terrain? Training armies up to wage wars? Creating whatever you like? Whatever your concept is, include it in the title or on the first few lines of your post. If you don't have a core mechanic for the game, just say so.----------------------------------------------------------------------------**Idea size**----------------------------------------------------------------------------As I said earlier, a lot of ideas get ignored because of the size of the idea. If you are going to suggest a space MMO where it is multi-platform and has next gen graphics with celebrity dialogue, that idea is going to stay as just that. An idea. Bethesda and Valve don't come here for ideas, indies do. So make sure it is actually possible for someone like you to build or else it may never actually become a game.----------------------------------------------------------------------------**Making the idea simple**----------------------------------------------------------------------------A LOT and I mean A LOT of these submissions try to make their ideas good by adding extra features. I saw an example where someone suggested a racing game with tron like style with fully customisable characters and cars that crash and a mini map and in the end, it would make a developer too bored to just follow a certain rule set. Keep an idea nice and simple.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------**Checking Before You Post**--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Another huge problem I see with these games is simple spelling/grammar mistakes. What you are suggesting could be the next minecraft or call of duty, at least try and be professional about suggesting the post. Also, one thing I HATE about posts is the fact they don't paragraph anything. No one wants to read a wall of text, just press enter a few times in a post and already it looks better.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------**Asking for money**--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Now, I haven't seen any of this yet but I am pretty sure sometime in the future I will. Asking for money on your idea may not always be the best. Personally, I think it is a horrible idea. I'll give you a little light in the developers side of the view. We are making games you suggest. If there was anyone getting payed, it should be us. It's still much easier to come up with a great idea than to make a great game.---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------**Good example**---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------I was thinking up of a game recently and I think it's quite a nice idea.So, it is a first person shooter multiplayer game where 2-4 players play in a labyrinth where they only have one bullet. Their bullet bounces around the maze for a bit before returning to the player that shot it. The idea is that the player will be more protective over their bullet and won't want to let it go until they find another player.World set I thought of:A tron-styled game where the labyrinth is a dark black and the players/bullets are bright neon colors. The game would be set in the future and the bullets would look like balls of energy.Tell me what you think! :)--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------**Bad Example**--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Hi guys! i had a really good idea that you race a super fast car against other people in an mmo world where there are lots of things to crash into and the cars are fully customisable. There must be at least 1000 cars with at least 9000 different addons. Also, you craft the car by putting metal in the craft window and it makes it into a new part. And when you die, you lose points and then your ranks go down. Oh yeah, Ranks. You get bronze then silver then gold then platinum then diamond rank. You go up by winning races and go down by losing races. This game will be super fun and lots of people can join the world. It'll have next generation graphics and be available on ps1, ps2, ps3, ps4, Xbox, Xbox 360, Xbox one, pc, iPhone, android and all the future platforms. The world will be realistic and it will have really good sound and a whole soundtrack dedicated to just the game. I hope you like this idea and if you do, when you make it give me 60% of the money you earn to me.----------------------------------------------------------------------------**Overview**----------------------------------------------------------------------------The smaller the better, the smaller explanation the better. If you don't know how much a game would cost to make, I recommend www.yourgameideaistoobig.com. Thanks for reading through this and I hope people will now understand what ideas are good and what ideas are bad.Edit: Thanks for the sticky and 30+ votes! Hopefully people will use this before posting their game ideas.
 
